it's early may and the tawny isle nest
is surprisingly quiet
only the youngest member of the family
remains the rest are exploring the world
outside
branch hopping is an essential prelude
to flying
so is the ability to climb if you fall
out of your tree
and young tawny isles are experts at
both
the parents can only watch as their
offspring make their first
leap for independence
the ground is not a safe place for a
young tourney
while woodland offers plenty of cover
from possible predators
out in the open field this outlet is
taking a real risk
there are so many hazards out here for
the little bird with no experience
young foxes are trainee opportunist
it's all so new
the first glass cut of the year creates
a killer food
orchestra is quickly on the scene now
exposed
voles and mice are the focus of all the
attention
but while the orchestral is unlikely to
attack a young owl there are still many
pedos out here
[Music]
[Applause]
so
the outlet is safe for the moment
[Music]
you